Major storage documentation overhaul (#363)
nais/doc: docs/persistence/kafka/README.md

# Kafka

> NAV only uses Aiven hosted Kafka, the on-premis version of Kafka was disabled in 2021. Access to Kafka is granted by defining a `Topic` resource in one of our Kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer: Liten typo i "on-premise" - men jeg lurer på om vi bare kan sløyfe hele den første setningen.

Reviewer 2: Jeg liker ikke denne i det hele tatt lenger. Access er ikke definert gjennom topic, og det handler heller ikke om access til Kafka som helhet.
Det er heller ikke riktig å si at on-premise ble disabled i 2021, den er jo fortsatt i bruk. Man kan bare ikke opprette nye ting der.

> NAV only uses Aiven hosted Kafka, the on-premis version of Kafka was disabled in 2021. Access to Kafka is granted by defining a `Topic` resource in one of our Kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NAV uses Aiven hosted Kafka, the on-premise version of Kafka has been deprecated since 2021. Start using Kafka by creating a `Topic` resource in one of our Kubernetes clusters.
```
